update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-handle-app-level-errors-occurred-during-callbacks: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2398)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# ASP.NET Web Forms - How to handle application-level errors occurred during callbacks
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e2398/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> Use the static [ASPxWebControl.CallbackError](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.CallbackError) event to handle callback exceptions thrown by DevExpress web controls on the server side. Delegate callback exception handling to the `Application_Error` event handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the static [ASPxWebControl.CallbackError](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.CallbackError) event to handle callback exceptions thrown by DevExpress web controls server side. Delegate callback exception handling to the `Application_Error` event handler.
```

}
```

```vb
Sub Application_Start(ByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As EventArgs)
	' Assign Application_Error as a callback error handler
	AddHandler ASPxWebControl.CallbackError, AddressOf Application_Error
End Sub
```

> The `Application_Error` event handler catches all unhandled ASP.NET errors while processing a request. You can use the [GetLastError](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.web.httpserverutility.getlasterror) method to get and log the last exception's details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Application_Error` event handler catches all unhandled ASP.NET errors while processing a request. You can use the [GetLastError](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.web.httpserverutility.getlasterror) method to get and log the details of the last exception.
```

```

> Note
> 

> > Some controls (for instance, [ASPxUploadControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxUploadControl)) utilize the capabilities of the [DevExpress.Web.ASPxUploadProgressHttpHandler](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/6774/common-concepts/webconfig-modifications/aspxuploadprogresshttphandler) handler to perform actions on a callback. System-level exceptions (request timeout, session timeout, etc.) that occur while executing the `ASPxUploadProgressHttpHandler` handler cannot be handled using the `ASPxWebControl.CallbackError` event. Use the default `Application_Error` event handler for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are controls (for instance, [ASPxUploadControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxUploadControl)) that utilize the capabilities of the [DevExpress.Web.ASPxUploadProgressHttpHandler](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/6774/common-concepts/webconfig-modifications/aspxuploadprogresshttphandler) handler to perform actions on a callback. System-level exceptions (request timeout, session timeout, etc.) that occur while executing the `ASPxUploadProgressHttpHandler` handler cannot be handled using the `ASPxWebControl.CallbackError` event. Use the default `Application_Error` event handler for this purpose.
```

## Files to Review

* [Global.asax](./CS/CallbackErrorEvent/Global.asax) (VB: [Global.asax](./VB/CallbackErrorEvent/Global.asax))
* [Web.config](./CS/CallbackErrorEvent/Web.config) (VB: [Web.config](./VB/CallbackErrorEvent/Web.config))

## Documentation 

* [Callbacks](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/402559/common-concepts/callbacks)

## More Examples 

> * [ASP.NET MVC - How to handle application-level errors occurred during callbacks](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-handle-app-level-errors-occurred-inside-aspnet-mvc-controls-during-callbacks-e4588)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ASP.NET MVC - How to handle application-level errors that occurred during callbacks](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-handle-app-level-errors-occurred-inside-aspnet-mvc-controls-during-callbacks-e4588)
```
